{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title Month-to-Month Residential Rental Agreement}
{\author Nolo}
{\*\company Nolo}}\vieww13440\viewh12920\viewkind1\viewscale110
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120\qc

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Month-to-Month Residential Rental Agreement\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 1. Identification of Landlord and Tenant\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 This Agreement is entered into between Tyler Paschal (Tenant) and CATHERINE OBRIEN (Landlord). Each Tenant is jointly and severally liable for the payment of rent and performance of all other terms of this Agreement.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 2. Identification of Premises\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 Subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement, Landlord rents to Tenant, and Tenant rents from Landlord, for residential purposes only, the premises located at #!% ANNA MARIA DR, ALTADENA CA (the premises), together with the following furnishings and appliances:\
BED, DRESSER AND LINENS.\
Rental of the premises also includes\
ACCESS TO COMMON AREAS OF THE HOME, LAUNDRY AND KITCHEN.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 3. Limits on Use and Occupancy\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 The premises are to be used only as a private residence for Tenant(s) listed in Clause 1 of this Agreement. Occupancy by guests for more than OND DAY  is prohibited without Landlord\'92s written consent and will be considered a breach of this Agreement.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 4. Term of the Tenancy\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 The rental will begin on _____________, _____, and continue on a month-to-month basis. Landlord may terminate the tenancy or modify the terms of this Agreement by giving the Tenant THIRTY (30) days\'92 written notice. Tenant may terminate the tenancy by giving the Landlord  THIRTY (30) days\'92 written notice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 5. Payment of Rent\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i\b0 \cf0 Regular monthly rent\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i0 \cf0 Tenant will pay to Landlord a monthly rent of $900.00 , payable in advance on the first day of each month, except when that day falls on a weekend or legal holiday, in which case rent is due on the next business day. Rent will be paid in the following manner unless Landlord designates otherwise: EVERY 30 DAYS FROM FIRST DAY OF OCCUPANCY. RENT IS PRORATED BY WEEK, NOT DAYS\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i \cf0 Delivery of payment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i0 \cf0 Rent will be paid:\
[   ] by mail, to _____________________\
[ X  ] in person, 315 ANNA MARIA DRIVE, ALTADENA CA 626 398-1958\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i \cf0 Form of payment.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i0 \cf0 Landlord will accept payment in these forms:\
[ X  ] cash\
[  X ] personal check made payable to: CATHERINE OBRIEN\
[   ] certified funds or money order\
[   ] credit card\
[   ] bank debit\
[   ] electronic funds transfer\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 6. Late Charges\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 If Tenant fails to pay the rent in full before the end of the  5th day after it\'92s due, Tenant will pay Landlord a late charge as follows: \
TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS.  Landlord does not waive the right to insist on payment of the rent in full on the date it is due.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 7. Returned Check and Other Bank Charges\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 If any check offered by Tenant to Landlord in payment of rent or any other amount due under this Agreement is returned for lack of sufficient funds, a \'93stop payment,\'94 or any other reason, Tenant will pay Landlord a returned check charge of $50.00.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 8. Security Deposit\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 On signing this Agreement, Tenant will pay to Landlord the sum of TWO HUNDRED ($200.00) as a security deposit. Tenant may not, without Landlord\'92s prior written consent, apply this security deposit to the last month\'92s rent or to any other sum due under this Agreement. Within 30 DAYS after Tenant has vacated the premises, returned keys, and provided Landlord with a forwarding address, Landlord will return the deposit in full or give Tenant an itemized written statement of the reasons for, and the dollar amount of, any of the security deposit retained by Landlord, along with a check for any deposit balance.\
[
\i Optional clauses here, if any.
\i0 ]\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 9. Utilities\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 LANDLORD will pay all utility charges.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 10. Prohibition of Assignment and Subletting\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 Tenant will not sublet any part of the premises or assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of Landlord. Neither shall Tenant sublet or rent any part of the premises for short-term stays of any duration, including but not limited to vacation rentals. Violating this clause is grounds for terminating the tenancy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 11. Tenant\'92s Maintenance Responsibilities\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 Tenant will: (1) keep the premises clean, sanitary, and in good condition and, upon termination of the tenancy, return the premises to Landlord in a condition identical to that which existed when Tenant took occupancy, except for ordinary wear and tear; (2) immediately notify Landlord of any defects or dangerous conditions in and about the premises of which Tenant becomes aware; and (3) reimburse Landlord, on demand by Landlord, for the cost of any repairs to the premises damaged by Tenant or Tenant\'92s guests or business invitees through misuse or neglect.\
Tenant has examined the premises, including appliances, fixtures, carpets, drapes, and paint, and has found them to be in good, safe, and clean condition and repair, except as noted in the Landlord-Tenant Checklist.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 12. Repairs and Alterations by Tenant\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 a. Except as provided by law, or as authorized by the prior written consent of Landlord, Tenant will not make any repairs or alterations to the premises, including nailing holes in the walls or painting the rental unit. \
b. Tenant will not, without Landlord\'92s prior written consent, alter, rekey, or install any locks to the premises or install or alter any security alarm system. Tenant will provide Landlord with a key or keys capable of unlocking all such rekeyed or new locks as well as instructions on how to disarm any altered or new security alarm system.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 13. Violating Laws and Causing Disturbances\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 Tenant is entitled to quiet enjoyment of the premises. Tenant and guests or invitees will not use the premises or adjacent areas in such a way as to: (1) violate any law or ordinance, including laws prohibiting the use, possession, or sale of illegal drugs; (2) commit waste (severe property damage); or (3) create a nuisance by annoying, disturbing, inconveniencing, or interfering with the quiet enjoyment and peace and quiet of any other tenant or nearby resident. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 14. Pets\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 No animal may be kept on the premises without Landlord\'92s prior written consent, except animals needed by tenants who have a disability, as that term is understood by law, and ____________________________________, under the following conditions: ____________________________________.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 15. Landlord\'92s Right to Access\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 Landlord or Landlord\'92s agents may enter the premises in the event of an emergency, to make repairs or improvements, or to show the premises to prospective buyers or tenants. Landlord may also enter the premises to conduct an annual inspection to check for safety or maintenance problems. Except in cases of emergency, Tenant\'92s abandonment of the premises, court order, or where it is impractical to do so, Landlord will give Tenant 24 HOURS notice before entering.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 16. Extended Absences by Tenant\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 Tenant will notify Landlord in advance if Tenant will be away from the premises for SEVEN (7) or more consecutive days. During such absence, Landlord may enter the premises at times reasonably necessary to maintain the property and inspect for damage and needed repairs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 17. Possession of the Premises\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i\b0 \cf0 a. Tenant\'92s failure to take possession.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i0 \cf0 If, after signing this Agreement, Tenant fails to take possession of the premises, Tenant will still be responsible for paying rent and complying with all other terms of this Agreement.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li180\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i \cf0 b. Landlord\'92s failure to deliver possession.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\i0 \cf0 If Landlord is unable to deliver possession of the premises to Tenant for any reason not within Landlord\'92s control, including, but not limited to, partial or complete destruction of the premises, Tenant will have the right to terminate this Agreement upon proper notice as required by law. In such event, Landlord\'92s liability to Tenant will be limited to the return of all sums previously paid by Tenant to Landlord.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 18. Tenant Rules and Regulations\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 [   ] Tenant acknowledges receipt of, and has read a copy of, tenant rules and regulations, which are attached to and incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. Tenant understands that serious or repeated violations of the rules may be grounds for termination. Landlord may change the rules and regulations without notice.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 19. Payment of Court Costs and Attorney Fees in a Lawsuit\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 In any action or legal proceeding to enforce any part of this Agreement, the prevailing party 
\i [choose one:
\i0  shall not/shall
\i ]
\i0  recover reasonable attorney fees and court costs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 20. Disclosures\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 Tenant acknowledges that Landlord has made the following disclosures regarding the premises:\
[   ] Disclosure of Information on Lead-Based Paint and/or Lead-Based Paint Hazards\
[   ] Other disclosures: _________________________________________________\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 21. Authority to Receive Legal Papers\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 The Landlord, any person managing the premises, and anyone designated by the Landlord are authorized to accept service of process and receive other notices and demands, which may be delivered to:\
[ X  ] The Landlord, at the following address: 315 ANNA MARIA DR, ALTADENA 							     CALIFORNIA \
[   ] The manager, at the following address: _________________________\
[   ] The following person at the following address: ___________________\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 22. Additional Provisions\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 Additional provisions are as follows:\
NONREFUNDABLE $75.00 CLEANING DEPOSIT DUE UPON OCCUPANCY\
__________________________________________________________\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 23. Validity of Each Part\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 If any portion of this Agreement is held to be invalid, its invalidity will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 24. Grounds for Termination of Tenancy\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 The failure of Tenant or Tenant\'92s guests or invitees to comply with any term of this Agreement, or the misrepresentation of any material fact on Tenant\'92s rental application, is grounds for termination of the tenancy, with appropriate notice to Tenant and procedures as required by law.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b \cf0 Clause 25. Entire Agreement\
\pard\pardeftab720\li360\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120

\b0 \cf0 This document constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties, and no promises or representations, other than those contained here and those implied by law, have been made by Landlord or Tenant. Any modifications to this Agreement must be in writing, signed by Landlord and Tenant.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1890\tx5760\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 ______________	_____________________________	_______________________\uc0\u8232 Date	Landlord or Landlord\'92s Agent	Title\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 315 ANNA MARIA DRIVE\
Street Address\
\pard\tx5760\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 ALTADENA CA 91001	626 398-1958\uc0\u8232 City, State, & Zip	Phone\
	OBRIEN315@GMAIL.COM\uc0\u8232  	Email\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1890\tx5760\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 ______________	_____________________________	_______________________\uc0\u8232 Date	Tenant	Phone\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1890\tx5760\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 ______________	_____________________________	_______________________\uc0\u8232 Date	Tenant	Phone\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 \
\pard\tx1890\tx5760\pardeftab720\ri0\sl360\slmult1\sb120
\cf0 ______________	_____________________________	_______________________\uc0\u8232 Date	Tenant	Phone\
}